# XMB proxy for webMAN MOD 

This plugin is a non-resident sprx that is called by the XMB menu generated by webMAN MOD
to mount the games and perform web commands without load the PS3 Internet browser.

It's based on wm_proxy released by DeanK for webMAN / sMAN.

## Usage

Using XMBML, create an XML item with `idle_plugin` as `module` and a web command as `module_action`


# How it works

The wm_proxy plugin is loaded by XML game list menu on XMB.

To bypass the module reference restrictions by xmb_plugin, the `wm_proxy` plugin is mapped
to the system `idle_plugin` using Cobra's sys_map_path, which is an indexed module.

The plugin receives the web command through the `module_action` parameter from the selected item, 
a GET request is constructed and the http request is sent to webMAN's web server using the 
loopback IP address 127.0.0.1 on port 80.

If webMAN's web server is not running, the XMB proxy tries to mount the file using Cobra commands.
Only certain file types are supported. Otherwise the message "webMAN not ready!" is displayed.

The file types that CAN be mounted directly by the proxy before show a "webMAN not ready!"
- GAMES and GAMEZ in JB folder format
- PS3ISO (including multi-part ISOs)
- PS2ISO
- PS2 Classics
- PSXISO
- PSPISO
- BDISO (including multi-part ISOs)
- DVDISO (including multi-part ISOs)
- ROMS

The file types that CANNOT be mounted directly by the proxy are:
- Remote network files (ps3netsrv)
- External ISO or FakeISO stored in exFAT / NTFS /ext2/3/4
- GAMEI
- Auto-CONFIG for PS2ISO and PS2 Classics
- PS2 Cue/CCD and PS1 CCD cuesheets are not supported
- webMAN MOD web commands (except /mount.ps3, /restart.ps3 and /shutdown.ps3)

## Credits

- **DeanK** - Original sLaunch GUI concept and coding.
- **aldostools** - Modification, additional features and optimizations.
- **Mysis** - VSH exports
